vmalert: speed up state restore procedure on start (#3758)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): alerts state restore procedure was changed to become asynchronous. It doesn't block groups start anymore which significantly improves vmalert's startup time. 

> This also means that `remoteRead.ignoreRestoreErrors` command-line flag becomes deprecated now and will have no effect if configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also means that `-remoteRead.ignoreRestoreErrors` command-line flag becomes deprecated now and will have no effect if configured. 
```

> While previously state restore attempt was made for all loaded alerting rules, now it is called only for alerts which became active after the first evaluation. See relevant issue [here](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2608)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While previously state restore attempt was made for all the loaded alerting rules, now it is called only for alerts which became active after the first evaluation. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2608).
```
